LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2020 - University of Neuch창tel


PREAMBLE

GEONE is a python package providing a set of tools for geostatistical
and multiple-point statistics modeling. It contains the DEESSE library
in the sub-package deesse_core.

DEESSE is a commercial product belonging to the University of
Neuch창tel which holds the patent no US 8682624 on its core algorithm.
GEONE includes a wrapper allowing to launch DEESSE directly in python.

GEONE is provided as an open source code with an open access license
applicable for all the code except the deesse_core subpackage (see
details below).

DEESSE and therefore the deesse_core subpackage requires a specific
license agreement. The version provided with GEONE is a test version
with restricted capabilities. To unlock the full capabilities of
DEESSE, the user must obtain a commercial or academic license from the
University of Neuch창tel.


LICENSE TERMS FOR THE SOFTWARE GEONE

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files, to deal in
the software GEONE ("the Software") excluding the software DEESSE,
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software excluding DEESSE, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
condition:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The permission granted here over is related to the Software only and
does not imply any patent license grant nor contains any patent
retaliation clause, in particular concerning DEESSE patent software
also made available by the copyright owners and the University of
Neuch창tel on the GitHub platform.


THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.